algorithm	0	Q 2. You are given a chess game board of size NxN. You have find out positions(i,j), where you can place N queens so that, none of the queens can kill each other without making their first move.
algorithm	0	Q 1. You are given an array of integers, contains positive, negative and zeros. You have to written subarray whose sum is maximum in this array. Desired Complexity is O(N) + O(1)
algorithm	0	You have given a tree, where each node can have multiple children. You have to find if the tree has a cycle or not. Ex
algorithm	1	Find sets of values in array whose sum is equal to some number.
algorithm	0	Q 7. You are getting a stream of integers, You have to find the median of these in real time(or with minimum complexity).
algorithm	0	Amazon SDE 2 On-site (1 of 4 Rounds)  In a file system stored a large amount of users browsing data, including the urls that the user visited.  Design a function that outputs the longest common path of all the urls. Having finished the code, I was asked to analyze the complexity.
algorithm	0	We define a k-subsequence of an array as follows 1) it is a subsequence of consecutive elements in the array 2) the sum of the subsequence's elements s, is evenly devisible by k(i.e. s % k == 0) Given an integer and input array, find out the number of k-subsequences. Example: k=3 and array be [1 2 3 4 1] Output: 4 ({1 2},{1,2,3},{2,3,4},{3})
algorithm	0	You are given a rotated sorted array of size N. You have to search a given number into it. Example: [4,6,8,14,90,-9,-2,0,3], Search -2.
algorithm	0	You are given an array of words. from each word, you make a chain, in that, you remove one char at a time and you remove that char only when the remaining word is present in the input array. For Example, if the input is {a, b, ab, ac, aba} then the possible chains are from 'a', there is no chain, the chain it 'a' itself (of length 1) similarly, from 'b', the chain length is 1 one (length is defined by the number of words in the chain) now from 'ab', there are two possibilities which are ({ab -> b when you remove a},{ab -> a when you remove b}). So the max length is 2 here now from 'ac', we only have one possibility which is ({ac -> a when we remove c}), because, when we remove 'a', we left with 'c' which is not present in the input. Now, you have to find the length of the biggest such chain. Input: array of words Output: length of the biggest such chain.
algorithm	0	VMWare Standard Online Screen   3rd Question Given an array of strings and a long description about the formatting of IPv6 and IPv4 (it took me more than 5 minutes to read the description). Write a function to find if a string is IPv4 or IPv6 address or neither.  4th Question Given an integer array, whenever a duplicate number is found, you may increment it (++). Find the minimum sum of the numbers in the array by keep incrementing the dups until all the numbers are unique.
algorithm	1	VMWare Standard Online Screen   The Online Assessment was called something like Life Cycle Challenge-qpan. There are 4 questions in total given 60 minutes. The problem description was unexpectedly long that it takes 5 minutes just to read a question.  1st Question Design a function to create BST. Given an integer array, insert the integers into the binary search tree and print all the steps taken.  2nd Question Given an integer, print the index of all the positions in which the binary bit is 1 in order.
algorithm	0	Given a count and maxvalue, write a program to return count number of unique random integers between 0 and maxvalue.
algorithm	2	Facebook Senior Engineer On-site 2017  1st Round Question 1: Binary tree to doubly linked list. Question 2: Read 4 (Given the read4 API, read an entire file)  2nd Round Culture fit. No coding.  3rd Round Question: System Design POI (Point of Interest. Given a point, find things within a radius).  Lunch 4th Round Question 1: Decode way Question 2: Random max index  5th Round Question: System design + component-wise design on download manager
algorithm	0	interviewed by senior engineer Question Given two strings s1 and s2, combine the characters in the strings and maintain the sequence of characters  Follow-up If s1 has a length of m and s2 has a length of n, how many ways the strings could be merged. Figure out the formula F(m, n) = ?
algorithm	0	Given a list of files. Return all the unique lines from all files.
algorithm	0	You are given an unsorted binary array. Ex [0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1] and a number K, which represents the number of swap operations allowed on this binary array. you need to find out the maximum length continuous subarray that can be generated using K many swaps. Ex if K = 3 in above case [0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1] => [0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1] => [0 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0] => [0 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0] so the answer is 9.
algorithm	0	You are given a binary matrix whose each row is sorted. that means each row will have zeros at front and ones at the back. You need to find out the row which contains a maximum number of ones. Ex :
algorithm	0	Suppose you have a stream of (timestamp, tag) events. You need to filter this stream (online), leaving only events with tags that haven't been already encountered in the last X seconds.
algorithm	0	Given an array of integers: 1. rearrange the array such that all non-zero members appear on the left of the array (order is not important) 2. return the number of non-zero members  e.g. [1,2,0,5,3,0,4,0] => [1,2,5,3,4,0,0,0] and return 5. The non-zero array members can be in any order.
algorithm	1	You are given an array of integers both negative and positive. Print the maximum continuous sum of the array and if all the elements are negative, print the smallest of them. Ex : [-20, -5, -2, -9] :> -2(-2) Ex : [20, -19, 6, 9, 4] :-> 20(20) Ex : [10, -3, 4, -2, -1, 10] -> 18 (10, -3, 4, -2, -1, 10)  Thanks velu007 for pointing out the mistake
algorithm	0	Delhi Route Traffic Optimizer  Traffic congestion is an annoying issue in Delhi, the capital of India. Every morning thousands of people drivea residential area to the International Technology Park (ITPL). There are various routes one can take to reach ITPL and each route takes its own time making some routes faster than the others. People obviously take faster routes which causes congestion on those roads too. Congestion results into increased travel time, air pollution and wastage of fuel. As a Traffic commissioner of Delhi, you are asked to optimize the traffic by putting toll to various roads so that resultant cost of every route (driving time cost and toll cost) ends up the same. This has to be done in such a way that any driver pays toll only once no matter which route he/she takes.roads have one-way traffic and there is no cycle in any of the routes. You need to create a toll plan for a given road layout.   The toll plan must adhere to following rules:  1. Toll should be levied in such a way that perceived cost (base road cost and toll cost) remains same forroads. 2. The tolls should be levied such that the total cost for each route is minimized. 3. A route cannot have more than one toll. 4. In case of multiple solutions for a route, add toll to a road that is closer to destination.  In some use cases, it might be impossible to impose tolls that satisfy the above conditions.  http://qa.geeksforgeeks.org/11340/delhi-route-traffic-optimizer
algorithm	1	Given some email ids, and a similarity function which says whether two email ids are similar, determine all the sets of email ids that are similar to each other.
algorithm	0	You have a string consisting of open and closed parentheses, but parentheses may be imbalanced. Make the parentheses balanced and return the new string.
algorithm	1	Given a list of URLs entered by a user write a program to print unique and most recently used URLs. For example if user entered the following: - 1. google.com 2. yahoo.com 3. wsj.com 4. google.com  The output should be :- 1. google.com 2. wsj.com 3.yahoo.com
algorithm	0	Given a movie X that the user had watched, write an algorithm to suggest more movies to the user. How to display the other movies based on same genre?
algorithm	2	Given a sorted array, find all the numbers that occur more than n/4 times.
algorithm	0	How to Design an Meeting scheduler
algorithm	0	How to randomly select a number in an array? array: [15, 2, 4, 5, 1, -2, 0]  Follow-up: Given a second array freq where freq[i] represents the occurrence of the ith number in array, how to randomly select a number in array based on the frequency.  Extra requirement: Could you complete the selection in a single-pass(go through each array only once)?
algorithm	1	In school a student gets rewarded if he has an attendance record without being absent for more than once or being late for 3 times continuously.  Given a student's attendance record represented by a string with 3 possible characters 'L'(Late), 'A'(Absent), 'O' (On time),  check whether the student qualifies for the reward.   e.g.  @INPUT (String) "OLLAOOOLLO"  @RETURN (Boolean) False  The student does not qualify for reward because "LLA" means he was late for 3 times in a row.   @INPUT (String) "OLLOAOLLO"  @RETURN (Boolean) True     Follow-up:  If known the length of the attendance string is n, how many possible ways there is to attend school and make sure you get the reward.
algorithm	0	In school a student gets rewarded if he has an attendance record without being absent for more than once or being late for 3 times continuously.  Given a student's attendance record represented by a string with 3 possible characters 'L'(Late), 'A'(Absent), 'O' (On time), check whether the student qualifies for the reward.   e.g.  @INPUT (String) "OLLAOOOLLO"  @RETURN (Boolean) False  The student does not qualify for reward because "LLA" means he was late for 3 times in a row.   @INPUT (String) "OLLOAOLLO"  @RETURN (Boolean) True     Follow-up:  If known the length of the attendance string is n, how many possible ways there is to attend school and make sure the student gets the reward.
algorithm	0	There are two integer array arrayA and arrayB in the same size and two integer countA and countB. If arrayA[i] > arrayB[i], then we increase countA by 1, if arrayB[i]>arrayA[i], then we increase countB by 1. We will do nothing otherwise. Now you are given arrayA and arrayB, write a function to shuffle arrayA and so you can get countA > countB. Assume the input array are always valid, not empty and the input is guaranteed to have answer.   For example:  arrayA = [12, 24, 8, 32] arrayB = [13, 25, 32, 11]  After shuffle:   arrayA = [24, 32, 8, 12] arrayB = [13, 25, 32, 11]
algorithm	0	Find the Maximum number of distinct nodes in a binary tree path
algorithm	0	1) Given a file containing lines of chars, find if it contains "aaaaab\naaaaa" string pattern. Need to return true only if contains the EXACT pattern specified  (observe the new line character).   2) How do you differentiate between actual new line and the new line character?  3) what if the file is way too big to bring it all in memory?
algorithm	0	Top View of a Binary Tree in constant space
algorithm	0	Given a pattern containing only Is and Ds. I for increasing and D for decreasing. Devise an algorithm to print the MINIMUM number following that pattern. Digits from 1-9 and digits cant repeat.     Example:    1. Input: D        Output: 21    2. Input: I        Output: 12    3. Input: DD       Output: 321    4. Input: II       Output: 123    5. Input: DIDI     Output: 21435    6. Input: IIDDD    Output: 126543    7. Input: DDIDDIID Output: 321654798
algorithm	0	Implement ConcurrentHashMap class in Java
algorithm	0	Implement LinkedHashMap class in Java
algorithm	0	You have been given a grid with some doors, walls and some empty spaces. 1st part : You have to tell the least no of moves to go from random position in the grid to the nearest door. You can move in four directions only, i.e, left, right, above, below. 2nd part : Least distance of every empty cell to the nearest door. Lots of discussion was done on both the parts of the problem.
algorithm	0	Maximum triangle path Sum : Starting from the top of a pyramid of numbers like below, you can walk down going one step on the right or on the left, until you reach the bottom row:   55        94       48  95     30       96    77      71     26      67  One of such walks is 55 -> 94 >- 30 -> 26. You can compute the total of the numbers you have seen in such walk, in this case its 205.  Your problem is to find the maximum total among all possible paths from the top to the bottom row of the triangle. In the little example above its 321.
algorithm	0	Given a very large binary number which cannot be stored in a variable, determine the remainder of the decimal equivalent of the binary number when divided by 3. Generalize to find the remainder for any number k.
algorithm	0	Given a file having many lines of text(words) and given a dictionary having an API function boolean isValid(String word), which will return true is a word passed to this function is valid word in dic.,and will return false if given passed argument is not a valid word in dic.  Now read the file and check if each word as well as all possible words from its L to R and R to L combinations, are valid words in dic. or not.
algorithm	0	Given 2 integers, add them without using any arithmetic operator
algorithm	0	Implement a LRU cache with ttl at each block
algorithm	0	Given some resources in the form of linked list you have to delete all the resources which sum up to 0(Zero) and return the remaining list.
algorithm	0	Find all anagrams of a given string in a file of size 1TB.
algorithm	0	Given two strings print all possible permutations of two strings such that the order of characters are maintained.
algorithm	0	Given an array,generate all valid ip address from the array.
algorithm	0	Find Longest Repeated Substring in the given string.
algorithm	0	Given a equi-weighted uni directed graph and need to find the max distance possible from a given node.
algorithm	0	Add 1 to the integer represented by a linked list with O(n) time, O(1) space, no recursion(stack space) and without reversing the linked list.
brain-teasers	0	Just a disclaimer: I doubt you will ever get this interview question. My interviewer even started off by saying, "Hmm, well this isn't really fair, but..." So don't place too much stock in whether or not you can solve this.  Question: You have a group of pigs and buckets of food for said pigs. There are 1,000 buckets of food, and exactly 1 of them is poisoned. Your goal is to determine, by the end of 1 hour, which bucket is poisoned.  The poison takes 30 minutes to kill a pig, and you'd like to kill as few pigs as possible. The number of pigs you can test is limitless, and you can assign a number to each bucket and each pig so that you know exactly which pig ate from which bucket(s). You determine which buckets to feed to which pigs, but you have no timer and no way to guesstimate the time. What is the minimum number of pigs you need to use to solve the problem?
brain-teasers	0	A robot on a plane has 2 types of commands: 1. move forward by X units (X is integer 0 <= X <= 10000 ) 2. rotate by X degrees (X is integer in range [-180, 180] ) A robot looks like
brain-teasers	0	/* Prison cell question In a kingdom there are prison cells (numbered 1 to P) built to form a straight line segment. Cells number i and i+1 are adjacent, and prisoners in adjacent cells are called "neighbors." A wall with a window separates adjacent cells, and neighbors can communicate through that window. All prisoners live in peace until a prisoner is released. When that happens, the released prisoner's neighbors find out, and each communicates this to his other neighbor. That prisoner passes it on to his other neighbor, and so on until they reach a prisoner with no other neighbor (because he is in cell 1, or in cell P, or the other adjacent cell is empty). A prisoner who discovers that another prisoner has been released will angrily break everything in his cell, unless he is bribed with a gold coin. So, after releasing a prisoner in cell A, all prisoners housed on either side of cell A - until cell 1, cell P or an empty cell - need to be bribed. Assume that each prison cell is initially occupied by exactly one prisoner, and that only one prisoner can be released per day. Given the list of Q prisoners to be released in Q days, find the minimum total number of gold coins needed as bribes if the prisoners may be released in any order. Note that each bribe only has an effect for one day. If a prisoner who was bribed yesterday hears about another released prisoner today, then he needs to be bribed again.  Task: find the minimum amount of gold we need to bribe the prisoners so that the chosen prisoners can be released without causing cell destruction. Input example: 8 cells, 1 prisoner has to be released. The prisoner to be released is the 3rd one. |1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8| 7 gold coins another example: 20 cells, 3 prisoners to be released: 3, 6 and 14 |1|2| |4|5| |7|8|9|10|11|12|13| |15|16|17|18|19|20| release prisoner 3: 19 gold coins release prisoner 6: 16 gold coins release prisoner 14: 13 gold coins  release 14: 19 gold coins release 6: 12 gold coins release 3: 4 gold coins  input: number of cells prisoners that need to be released output: least number of gold coins we need to give */
brain-teasers	0	Organization has online services running across world. To use online services, User create account by entering personal details like - First Name, Last Name, Phone number, Address and etc...  Russia has passed new law that any Russian citizen who is creating account to use online services, his account information needs to store in Russia first and then read-only copies allowed to replicate across the world. Please suggest cost effective solution/design for this scenario otherwise online services will be blocked to use in Russia. How do we handle if any other country Germany is also come up with this law?  Issues: 1. Do  not have mechanism to identify citizenship of user.  2. If Russia user creates an account, he/she should not wait to use online services. What is cost effective solution?
brain-teasers	0	Find if the characters of the sample string is in the same order in the text string.. Give a simple algo..  Eg.. TextString: abcNjhgAhGjhfhAljhRkhgRbhjbevfhO Sample string :NAGARRO
brain-teasers	0	You are given an array of n unique integer numbers 0 <= x_i < 2 * n Print all integers 0 <= x < 2 * n that are not present in this array. Example: find_missing([0]) = [1] find_missing([0, 2, 4]) = [1, 3, 5] # because all numbers are [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5] find_missing([]) = [] find_missing([0, 1, 4, 5]) = [2, 3, 6, 7] # because all numbers are [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7]  Quirks are about requirements:  Time complexity O(n) - BUT there should be some fixed constant C independent of size of input such that every element of array is written/read < C times, so radix sorting the array is a no go.  Space complexity O(1) - you may modify the initial array, BUT sorted(initial_array) must equal sorted(array_after_executing_program) AND you can't store integers outside range [0, 2n) in this array (imagine that it's an array of uint32_t).
brain-teasers	1	You are given a flat room 1x1 metres, a position of victim in it (v_x, v_y) and a position of a killer (k_x, k_y) both inside this room (in range [0, 1]). Then the killer shoots once at some direction. The bullet reflects of the walls as if it was a light ray - if it falls under angle X degrees, it will reflect at angle X  degrees, if it gets into the corner it just reflects back. If the bullet hits guardian (see below) it stops and killer fails. Write a function that will be given coordinates of victim and a killer and will return a list of coordinates of guardians such that it's impossible for a killer to kill victim.  That is, whichever direction the killer will shoot, the bullet will never reach victim, or will be stopped by a guardian.  Here is an example for the case when we assume the walls don't reflect bullet (for simplicity): killer: (0, 0), victim: (1, 1). The solution to this simplified problem is to place 1 guardian between killer and victim e.g. on (0.1, 0.1).  Your task is to do this with accounting bullet reflection. E.g. in the previous case the killer can shoot at (1/3, 1), the bullet will reflect to (2/3, 0) and finally get to the victim at (1, 1).
brain-teasers	1	John observers the following while driving to work.       4 were driving a red car.      3 were driving a blue car.     3 were driving a black car.  He also notices that       3 of them were listining to Hip Hop     4 of them were listining to pop music.     3 of them were listining to Rock.  Additionally he notices that,       3 of them reached office before time on Friday.     3 of them reached office before time on Tuesday.     2 of them reached office before time on Wednesday.     2 of them reached office before time on Thursday.  Which of the following practice maximises his chance of getting to office before time.    a) He should drive a red car to work listining to pop music on a friday?   b) He should drive a blue car to work listining to rock music on a Tuesday.  State how did you calculate the probabiltiy for both in your answer.
brain-teasers	0	You have 12 marbles. They all weigh the same, except one. You don't know if that one is heavier or lighter. You have a balance scale.What would be the minimum number of weighing required to find the odd one.
brain-teasers	0	There are three closed doors. Behind two of them there are donkeys, behind the third one there is a Mercedes-Benz. (Your task is to get the Mercedes, not the donkey).  You are asked to choose one of the doors. Once you have chosen, they open one of the remaining two doors with the donkey. Now there are two doors left: one you chose and the other one. To maximize your chance of getting the Mercedes, should you keep your choice or switch to the other door?
brain-teasers	0	Tell the following 3 letter in the sequence A E F H I K _ _ _
brain-teasers	0	You have 9 balls. 8 of them weigh the same, but one of them weighs heavier than the other 8.  How can we find the heaviest weighted ball in no more than 2 operations?
brain-teasers	0	On a table there are four papers, one with the letter X written on top, one with the letter Y written on top, one with the number 1 written on top, and one with the number 2 written on top. Every paper has one of those letters on one side and one of those numbers on the other side. To prove that a paper with the letter x contains even number on the other side, what is the minimum number of conditions we have to check?
brain-teasers	0	150 men are standing in a line heightwise. A blind man has to find where he should stand in the line and for that he has to find the first taller boy than him in the line. As he can't see he is allowed to ask any number of man the question : "Are you taller than me?". Answer can be Yes or No. But he is just allowed only two YESes (BUT there is not limit on number of NOs) as reply after that he is not allowed to ask any man. Calculate fewest number of men he'll require to ask question in the worst case possible.   Options 1. 14 2. 17 3.  25 4.  33
brain-teasers	1	an bacteria grows at the speed that it will double its volume per minute. If you put it in a jar, it will fill the jar in one hour. how long will it take to fill a half of the jar?
brain-teasers	0	How many minimum numbers from fibonacci series are required such that sum of numbers should be equal to a given Number N? Note : repetition of number is allowed.   Example1.  N= 7; answer = 2 (5 + 2 = 7)   Example 2.  N = 70; Answer = 3 (34 + 34 + 2)
brain-teasers	8	Given a string (1-d array) , find if there is any sub-sequence that repeats itself. Here, sub-sequence can be a non-contiguous pattern, with the same relative order.  Eg:   1. abab <------yes, ab is repeated 2. abba <---- No, a and b follow different order  3. acbdaghfb <-------- yes there is a followed by b at two places 4. abcdacb <----- yes a followed by b twice  The above should be applicable to ANY TWO (or every two) characters in the string and optimum over time.  In the sense, it should be checked for every pair of characters in the string.
brain-teasers	0	If one and a half teenagers, eat one and a half pizzas in one and a half days, how many pizzas can 9 teenagers eat in 3 days
brain-teasers	1	The Question is to find 4 numbers between 1 and 40, so that you can get all the numbers between 1 to 40 by doing either of operation below. 1) Either any of the four number itself. 2) creating an expression by combining among the four number, with either addition or subtraction.   For example suppose we have to find four numbers so that we can get numbers between 1-30. The answer to above question is 1,3,6,20.
brain-teasers	1	You stand in one corner of a large room, and your assistant is in its opposite corner. In front of the assistant is a 4-corner table, with a coin in each of the 4 corners. Your objective is to get the coins to be all heads or all tails. When that happens, the coins start jumping up and down; so, you'll know for sure when it happens. What you can do is to tell your assistant: (a) flip one coin; (b) flip two coins on a side of the table; (c) flip two coins on a diagonal of the table. You can't tell the assistant which coin, which side, or which diagonal to use. You can either think of your assistant as being extremely dumb, or that the table is being constantly rotated by external forces. What is the sequence of commands that you should give to your assistant to make sure the coins start jumping up and down?
brain-teasers	1	Distributing Medals It's the medal distribution ceremony. 10^6 police officers, numbered from 1 to 10^6, are standing in a line. There are N (1<=N<=1000) iterations of medal distribution. In iteration i (0 < = i < N), count[i] ( 1 < = count[i] < = 100) medals are given to all officers from from[i] to to[i] ( 1 < = from[i] < = to[i] < = 10^6 )  If we sum up the number of medals received starting from the first officer, who would be the first officer for which the cumulative sum exceeds a given medal count THRESHOLD ( 1 < = THRESHOLD < = 10^9 )?  Input/Output Specifications Input format:  You are given 5 inputs:  input1 = N, the number of iterations  input2 = count, the array of medal counts in each iteration  input3 = from, the array of starting indices in each iteration  input4 = to, the array of ending indices in each iteration  input5 = THRESHOLD, the medal count threshold  Output format:  An integer, representing the number of the first officer such that the cumulative sum of medals starting from the first officer upto this officer exceeds THRESHOLD. The output should be -1 if such an officer does not exist.
brain-teasers	0	Estimate the number of USPS boxes (i.e. ones at home address and NOT P.O. Boxes) in the U.S. You are not given USPS data, of course.
brain-teasers	0	Design a phone book such that fields are searchable with name , with number. Later enhanced teh question asking searchable with address as well.
brain-teasers	0	I've heard this from someone, guess it is not the full question but this question is quite familiar:  Given some kind of operating system that run Tasks. Every task comes with a certain time it should run. For example first task need to run 15 seconds, after 2 seconds comes another task that need to run another 30 seconds, after 7 seconds comes  another task need to run another 2 seconds, etc.  You have a scheduler that runs every second and check which task need to be run and run them. You don't have system clock and need to find a solution without it. How would you implement it?
brain-teasers	4	A man goes to a hardware shop and asks for price of an item. The shop keeper replies that the item is "one for $1". The man gives the shop keeper "$3 for 600". What did the man buy for his newly painted house?
brain-teasers	1	Generate all Kaprekar Number (refer Wiki for Kaprekar number's definition) from 1 to 999999.  I gave a brute force approach of generating all number in the range and checking if it is Kaprekar or not.
brain-teasers	3	Given three points in a 2D plane with their (x, y) coordinates say if the origin lies inside the triangle formed by the three points.
brain-teasers	4	Given a random generator rand(5) which generates numbers between 0 to 4. How do u generate numbers between 0 to 6, I.e. Implement rand(7).
brain-teasers	0	Unable to get what exactly the Question Is?  so What is the whole logic behind this question .It seems to be  complete Math problem to me.  There is a Grasshopper in a tropical forest. The grasshopper can jump only vertically and horizontally, and the length of jump is always equal to x centimeter. A GRasshopper has found herself at the center of some cell of the chess board of the size pxq centimeters(each cell is 1x1 centimeters). She can jump as she wishes for an arbitrary number of times, she can even visit a cell more than once. the only restriction is that she cannot jump out of the board. The grasshopper can count the number of cells that she can reach from the starting position(x,y). Let's denote this amount by dx,y. your task is to find the number of such starting position(x,y), which have the maximum possible value of dx,y Input The integer array contains three integers p,q,x  p= length of the board q= width of the board x=length of the grasshoppers jump.  Output Output the only integer - the number of the required starting position of the Grasshopper Example  input 2 3 1000000 output 6  input 3 3 2 output 4   Regards, JSD
brain-teasers	1	Given an excel column number convert it to excel column alphabet and reverse.  Example : If column number(starts from 0) = 26 : Column alpha = AA.
brain-teasers	0	"How would you find the number of gas stations in the United States?"  *You cannot look up any concrete information (like the average number of gas stations per state), but you need to yield an accurate answer.
brain-teasers	0	You are trying to cook an egg for exactly 15 minutes, but instead of a timer, you are given two ropes which burn for exactly 1 hour each. The ropes, however, are of uneven densities  eg, half the rope length-wise might take only 2 minutes to burn?
brain-teasers	2	Two container of 5 L and 3 L are given. Then are is 9.5L water given you need to make 4L water with minimum attempts and water wastage.
brain-teasers	1	A Contracter is doing work for 7 days at your home, you need to pay him 7000$ in total. Every day you need to pay him 1000$ only .. To Pay him you have a gold plate wortjh 7000$ , but you can cut it only twice
brain-teasers	0	How would you structure the game of life (classes, functions etc...)? How would you structure the board if it was played on a sphere?
brain-teasers	0	Find the degree of separation between two people (e.g. LinkedIn's connected feature)
brain-teasers	0	A subscriber is allowed to make a certain number of telephone calls for a lumpsum charge of Rs.300. Beyond that, he is charged at a certain rate per call. Two subscribers together  make 1400 calls, and were charged Rs.425 and Rs.925 respectively. If a single person had made all of the 1400 calls he would have been charged Rs.1550. How many telephone calls are allowed for the first Rs.300? option a)300  b) 350  c) 400  d) 450
brain-teasers	0	3 fruit baskets having apple, orange and mix. all labeled wrong. with only one sample taking from one basket but not peeking find out which basket has which one.
brain-teasers	0	9 identical balls. one ball is heavy. find the heavy ball with only 2 measurements ........ dead easy.
brain-teasers	0	You have perfect cubical blocks (i.e. each of the blocks has 6 sides) You have to make a calender display using those two cubes. So the task is to display the numbers 1 through 31 using the two cubes. For example you would make the date 13th by writing '1' on one cube and '3' on the other. Only one digit can be written on each face of both the cubes. So there should be 6 numbers printed on each face of the two cubes. How would you split and write the numbers on the two cubes such that all the numbers from 1 through 31 are displayed using them?
brain-teasers	5	What is the minimum representation in bits of two positions on an 8x8 chessboard?
brain-teasers	3	There is a fictional company called fooBar in fooLand. The CEO of fooBar, fooMan, directs all managers to minimize the total hike that they give to employees, while ensuring that the hike is fair to them. Usually, this is done by giving more hike to employees who are rated better. So, for example, if an employee is rated 2 and is given hike 3x, an employee rated 3 should be given a hike greater than 3x. Hikes are always in multiples of x only and the minimum hike to be given to any employee is x.  This year, however, a wicked manager, barMan comes up with a brilliant strategy. He assumes that each employee would get to know the hike of only the two employees who sit next to him (one on the left, one on the right). And therefore, he reasons(using whole of his analytical left brain), that as long as he could make hikes fair for each employee with respect to the two employees that sit next to him, he would fulfill the dual objective of being "fair" as well as minimizing the total hike given. Just for clarification, the employees of each team sit in one big line.   barMan hires you to calculate the hike to be given to each employee. Over to you. You are supposed to come up with the total hike number that will excite barMan and make him roll on the floor laughing. You are given that no two employee sitting next to each other would have a common rating.  Input:  The order of rating of each employee should be in the order in which they sit. First line will be the value of x. The second line will be the number of employees 'n'. The next 'n' lines specify the rating of each employee. Rating can be integers from 1 to 105. (weird, right?)   1 <= n <= 105. 1 <= x <= 104.  Sample input 1:  10 4 1 4 6 2  Output: 70  Why? If we have the hikes as first employee gets 10, second gets 20, third gets 30 and fourth gets 10, we satisfy all our constraints.
brain-teasers	0	How would you weigh an aeroplane
brain-teasers	3	A lot of transistors contains 0.6 percent defectives. Each transistor is subjected to a test that correctly identifies a defective but also misidentifies as defective about two in every 100 good transistors. Given that a randomly chosen transistor is declared defective by the tester, compute the probability that it is actually defective.
brain-teasers	4	given a matrix of size m * n, place k students in such a way so that cheating in an exam could be minimized
brain-teasers	1	Given one egg and a building with infinite number of floors. Find out minimum number of throws at which (least) floor egg will break, if thrown?  I said we have to start at floor 1 and keep incrementing and testing by moving 1 floor up. Then he said optimize it by minimizing no of throws. I could not find more optimal way. I told him that I know with problem with 2 eggs and finite floor building.  Then, he told me that now lets there are 2 eggs and infinite floor building, find minimum no if throws required to find least floor at which egg breaks.  I still could not do that for infinite floors.
brain-teasers	5	100 doors are closed , In first pass i open all of them , in 2nd pass i toggle every 2nd door , in 3rd pass i toggle every 3rd door , i continue it till 100th pass .. find all the doors that will remain open after 100 passes.
brain-teasers	5	find the sum of all 4 digit numbers formed from 1 , 2, 3, 4 whithout rep .
brain-teasers	1	This was the question of two buckets of 3 and 5 litres each. Now measure four litre. I had given 2 solutions but still he wanted 3 solution. 1st soln: fill 3 litre and then interchange in various ways to get 4 litre. 2nd soln: fill 5 litre and then interchange in various ways.   do you have any soln other than this.
behavioral	1	Given two strings, print all the inter-leavings of the Strings in which characters from two strings should be in same order as they were in original strings.  e.g. for "abc", "de", print all of these: adebc, abdec, adbce, deabc, dabce, etc, etc
behavioral	1	Tell me a time when you took a risk?
behavioral	0	Tell me a time when you inspired your team?
behavioral	0	Who was you best hire and why?
behavioral	0	How do you handle a low performing employee?
behavioral	0	What is your hiring strategy?
behavioral	0	1) Narrate an instance you optimized or improved a software design.  2) Given a chance how would you re-think some of the design aspects?
behavioral	0	1) Describe your most proudest project, least proudest project 2) Most inpiring teammate, what did he do? 3) Most awesome manager? Why was he so good?
behavioral	0	Anybody knows what will be the career path for Technical Consultant at SAP? I am MCA student, got hired at SAP(Banglore) , wanted to know what is it worthy to join SAP for technical consultant role? (for Pay , career n future opportunities wise)..Thanks in Advance...Bit of information will help me choosing my career
behavioral	1	What do you think is the next big thing in technology? For example, search engine is Google, social media is Facebook, etc. etc...
behavioral	0	You are responsible for maintaining a web service that sits behind a load balancer. If the web service starts failing, how will you go about fixing it?
behavioral	1	If you are behind the schedule on a project, what will you do? I was asked by multiple interviewers.
behavioral	0	How do you motivate software engineers? How to you encourage quality? What are your engineering principals?
behavioral	0	When you were in a conflict with a teammate or team member and he persuaded you to go his way?  What would you do?
behavioral	0	what will you do when client is asking you to provide something which doesnt make any sense?
behavioral	0	Describe a time you encountered an issue and how you fixed it.
behavioral	0	Design a Tic Tac Toe Game. Classes Segregation and Code Flow.
behavioral	0	Suppose you reach your home and noticed that the light bulb in your corridor is not working. What will you do in such a situation?
behavioral	0	You do not know anything about the technology you need to work on, you got a bug to solve, how would you start
behavioral	1	Why Amazon?
behavioral	1	 means not. It converts a character to null in a string but converts the character to 0 in an operation 5 means null whereas 5+1=1 Which one of these is true? Cannot recall the options; they all appeared false. I put the last option, but couldnt figure it out. (5)=0?
behavioral	0	How would you know whether web server is freezing or not(a lot of queries then it may get stuck)?
behavioral	1	* Why Microsoft? * What is Cloud Computing?  * How would you design a software application? Discussion about software and hardware requirements. How would you handle increase in load? How would you manage the increase in load without additional hardware?
behavioral	0	give ur introduction why samsung  what quality u lack and what u r doing to improve it.
behavioral	0	If we contact your references, what strong qualities would each one of them tell about you, also what areas would they say you need improvement.
behavioral	0	How do you feel that this position does not require a lot of coding, you are mainly dealing with system administration.
behavioral	0	-why do you want to work for autonomy zantac
behavioral	0	-which job do you prefer a job with good work and life balance, or a job that is challenging but requires a lot of work
behavioral	0	where would you see yourself 5 years from now?
behavioral	0	Why do you want to join BOA?
behavioral	0	Why finance? Why computer science? What motivates you, what interests you?
behavioral	0	Why would you pick Bloomberg over the other company?
behavioral	0	Where other are you interviewing?
behavioral	0	What happens behind the scene when we typ an url in browser and hit enter?
behavioral	0	Draw and explain the structure of one of my projects in my resume.
behavioral	0	Why Goldman Sachs.
behavioral	0	Why Microsoft? Why did you choose this major for Masters. what are good coding practice? How do you grade yourself as a coder/programmer.
behavioral	0	How do you describe a printer to your Grandma? How do you describe pointers to your Grandma?
behavioral	0	what area u will like to improve urself when u r at work ? (i kind of interpreted it as if he is asking what is ur weakness and how will u improve )
behavioral	0	Tell me any product in tech u dont like ? and y
behavioral	0	What kind of products/project  at MS u would like to work on and why?
behavioral	0	Where do u see urself in MS after 3 years ?
behavioral	0	So what improvement will you do to system u worked at internship ?
behavioral	0	Did you faced any stuburn person on your job and how did you handled it ??
behavioral	0	What are your strengths?
behavioral	1	why amazon?
behavioral	0	general - asked about my passion and what i really want to do in life as a professional
behavioral	0	You have experience in telecom domain.  Why do you want to work in Bloomberg?
terminology-trivia	0	Round 6 Question 2 : VRBO(Vacation Rentals by Owner), is a portal for real state where owners can rent their properties, renters can occupy them for sort duration by giving rent to the owner via VRBO. Lets start by thinking how you can design such system. ?, What are the complexities you have address here ?, both business and technical ?, what will be your main focus ?, tell me about the architecture of the system ? Note that he wasn't concern about finer implementation details, but looking for broader things and thoughts.
terminology-trivia	1	You are given a sorted skewed binary tree. How can you create a binary search tree of minimum height from it?
terminology-trivia	0	2) List as many data structures as you can
terminology-trivia	0	When we connect a webcam to a PC using USB cable, the system detects the video cam and display the picture. But assume the scenario where the system didn't display picture even after Video cam is connected.  Write the various reasons to narrow down in not displaying the picture so as to raise a good defect.
terminology-trivia	0	What could be the max value that you can set for jvm -xmx
terminology-trivia	0	Difference e.g. 10.08 and 10.08-SNAPSHOT in maven?
terminology-trivia	0	Difference between mvn intall and deploy?
terminology-trivia	0	What is optimization flag ? Have u used it  ? What does it do ?
terminology-trivia	0	What is core dump? Why would you get one? Who generates it?
terminology-trivia	0	What is DOM? How is it useful ?
terminology-trivia	0	Difference between Arrays and Lists. Discuss pros and cons.
terminology-trivia	0	Explain these terms: SCSI, FCP and iSCSI.
terminology-trivia	0	Name a few UNIX filesystems you have come across.
terminology-trivia	0	Explain the terms: latency and throughput. How are they related and how are they different?
terminology-trivia	1	Describe the key differences in NAS and SAN.
terminology-trivia	0	What are Http Headers
terminology-trivia	0	Deninition about hash map.  Space and time complexity.
terminology-trivia	0	Expalin : Cross site forgery prevention - Cross site requests - cross site scripting   When / how / where do you use them.
terminology-trivia	0	Explain MVC Architecture. Can you explain how u used MVC architecture in your current project at financial institution.
terminology-trivia	0	What is the difference between a heuristical and a behavioral engine?
terminology-trivia	0	What do you understand by O(n)?  Which grows faster, O(n^2) or O(4^(logn to the base 2)?
terminology-trivia	0	Why are destructors important? Where are they not important?
terminology-trivia	0	In general static variables ? - Why we use static variables  ( He wanted something like, It exists for the whole execution of process. The reason it is not destroyed during function call is , because it is stored in Data segment )
terminology-trivia	0	Basic OO Concepts. - what is OO ? - Features ? - Polymorphism - How it is resolved? - static methods/ variables in class - overriding & how is it resolved ? (Virtual methods ) - operator overloading ? - inheritance ?
terminology-trivia	0	What happens if you write an integer to disk on one OS and read it on another OS? I said endianess and explained why it matters.
terminology-trivia	0	What VTBL is and why it's useful?
terminology-trivia	0	What is a singleton?
terminology-trivia	0	Say you are using a map in your program, how would you count the number of times the program use put() and the get() function? How would you do that if its using multiple maps in the program? How would you do that if the map is sent as a parameter in a method? How would you do it if the multiple maps are passed into the methods (as parameters), and are use differently? (it went on forever....)
terminology-trivia	0	What is the difference between Final, Finally, and Finalize?
terminology-trivia	1	Tell me the algorithm for fibonacci series? (When i said there are two - recursive (time effcient) and iterative (otherwise)) Explain the recursive one? What is the time complexity? Why is it O(log n)?
terminology-trivia	0	What are shared resources?
terminology-trivia	0	How does Java achieve synchronization? Given an class with Synchronized method A and B, a normal method C, there are 2 threads, one instance, can these two threads call A at the same time? call A and B at the same time? A & C at the same time?
terminology-trivia	0	Difference between int and Integer in Java.
terminology-trivia	0	Describe what a singleton is and when you would use it.
terminology-trivia	0	What is inheritance and polymorphism? Difference between abstract amd interface?
terminology-trivia	0	Explain preorder, inorder, postorder and level order of a tree. What is topological sort?
terminology-trivia	0	What's the difference between a vector vs array?
terminology-trivia	0	What's the difference between const pointer and pointer to const.
terminology-trivia	0	What is a copy constructor?  How do you use it?  What's the difference between shallow and deep copy? Why the significance of ambersand (&) in the copy constructor ? What will happen if there is no ambersand?
terminology-trivia	0	In unix, how do you kill all child processes of a particular parent?
terminology-trivia	0	In unix, what is a defunct process ?
terminology-trivia	0	What is the unix command to a kill a process ?
terminology-trivia	0	(SQL) What is a foreign key?
terminology-trivia	0	(SQL) Explain normalization.
terminology-trivia	0	Why is java secure?
terminology-trivia	0	What is garbage collection
terminology-trivia	0	What is a pointer?
terminology-trivia	0	What are the different features of OO programming? Explain encapsulation, polymorphism, inheritance.  What is multiple inheritance? Is it possible in Java? What is the work around for this in Java? How is it implemented?
terminology-trivia	0	What is happened when a user press a key on the keyboard? (Keyboard generates an interrupt and interrupts the CPU, CPU saves the current process state and executes interrupt handler, CPU returns from interrupt, kernel later on executes device driver to fetch register data from I/O port, ...)
terminology-trivia	0	What is the diff between hash table and linked list?
terminology-trivia	0	What is system call?
terminology-trivia	0	What is thread? Compare thread and process. What is the advantage of using thread?
testing	0	Write test cases on Whatsapp group chat
testing	0	Write test conditions and test data to test a app which has login and signup screen on a mobile app and once you click on signup or login it takes you to a website to fill the remaining details(for sign up) or to perform any activities post login. The screens were provided with all the fields.
testing	0	You are part of a team that develops push notifications on an app (android/iOS). The push notifications are sent out for ads published by a marketing team from a data source that they own. Come up with the test plan/cases
testing	0	Write test cases for refrigerator?
testing	0	4. Generate Test data for below function Grade(Obtained marks, Total marks) having below grading system.  0% to 40%= D grade 41% to 60%= C grade 61% to 80%= B grade 81% to 100%= A grade Grading calculation=Grade(20,40)=100*(20/40)= C grade
testing	0	1. "Unified search" for Email App, Web content and for SDCARD/Internal memory, which search word, letter and display result. Its a smartphone app. Write the test case for this.
testing	0	Write a Junit test for the following 2 methods in the class which test for properties file as well:  public class Test{   private HashMap<String, String> aTCN;   private static final String alpha= "alpha.";   private static final String beta = "beta.";    private Properties exporterConfig;    private static final ADFLogger LOG = ADFLoggerFactory.getLogger("R",R.class);    public Map<String, String> getATCN() {     if (aTCN== null) {       aTCN= new HashMap<>();       Properties demo= new Properties();       try {         demo.load(ClassLoader.getSystemResourceAsStream("r1.properties"));       } catch (IOException e) {         LOG.emitError("", e.getMessage());       }       for (String columnName : demo.stringPropertyNames()) {         aTCN.put(columnName.replace(beta, ""),             demo.getProperty(columnName).replace(alpha, ""));       }     }     return aTCN;   }    public Properties getEC() {     if (eC== null) {       try {         exporterConfig = new Properties();         exporterConfig.load(ClassLoader.getSystemResourceAsStream("r2.properties"));       } catch (IOException e) {         LOG.emitError("", e.getMessage());       }     }     return eC;   } }    I was unable to figure out the same. Let me know if any one has any solution.
testing	0	millions of data are there, they are chunked across different computer node to reduce the load on RAM, CPU etc.   There is one computer node where data are store after sorting them in different nodes...i.e. sorting is done in different nodes and only the sorted merge happens in the integration node...  Write test cases including performance, smoke, sanity, regression, boundary, usability, stress etc etc
testing	0	Test plan for Angry birds game with 80% coverage.what areas you will concentrate on.
testing	0	Some users can put some files to a shared network drive. A Cron Job* is programmed to delete files from the shared network drive. The shared location has limited access and only people with Admin Rights can add a file to the drive. The Cron Job picks up only those files which fulfill the following conditions:  i. File Type = .txt ii. 5kb<=file size=<20kb iii. Filename = <4 digit unique id>_<username>_mmddyyyyhhmmss.txt  The time is in 24 Hour format  The cron job can delete only 10 files at a time. The cron job is executed at the interval of ten minutes. Its running sequence is 10:00AM, 10:10AM, 10:20AM Any error is reported in an xml file with the causes behind delete failure. The XML file is placed In the same drive, the name of the file is errorlog.xml.  Write test cases for testing the system. Just write test case description, avoid using standardized format.
testing	0	Negative test cases for a train Booking Website. Focus only on the booking screen. The specifications are: i. A To and From textbox that pops a list of suggestion as the user types in the box ii. A Date picker iii. A class picker (SL,AC1,AC2,AC3,CC,GEN) iv. A Submit button The trains get listed based on the users inputs.  *NOTE 1  NOT ALL TRAINS RUN EVERYDAY *NOTE 2  NOT ALL TRAINS HAVE EVERY CLASS
testing	0	There was a bug caught in production.why it wasn't caught in the qa.what was the reason?
testing	0	Write down testcases for an app which uploads files(text or pdf etc) from local machine or a dropbox. Also cover testcases for the narration of that file
testing	0	Given a system in which a musician is selling his CD's. User can enter how many CD"s he/she wants. Enter his/her address detail and click on next. The cost for the number of CD's, tax for the order, Shipping cost for the order and Total values are displayed. User enter the credit card / debit card details. Click on next. If the transaction successful/unsuccessful display the message accordingly. There is a bank web service which reads card information and a response is sent based on if it is a valid card or not. A database which stores all the information about user orders and their status. An admin portal which accesses the database to edit/update on user order status and user information. Test the complete system.
testing	1	Test Amazon Website Functionalities: Two categories with 100 products each, Buying a product, Customer information, Order tracking
testing	0	Explain the complete automation design and What have you contributed in the automation framework
testing	0	How do you test search functionality of Amazon. Include category based searches as well. What tests you will automate and what tests you will not automate
testing	0	Write test cases for an analog watch
testing	0	There is a graph which represent average number of days the defects spent in status over a   duration of time say in progress, ready for Qa etc. For example the X asis of the graph   will project the daily/weekly/monthly duration and the y axis would be the count of days.   List the test condtions to test and certify this graph
testing	0	A registration form, to get user details has phone number field. This field is javaScript   validated to get only numbers as input. But internally in the database they are stored as   text. Do think there is an issue ? High/Medium/Low ? Justify
testing	0	The client sends a string to server and the server respnds with the same string appended   with date and time. List down the tests
testing	0	Kth largest element Consider that there are 2 lists that contain numeric values S1 and S2. the developer has   written a program to find the kth largest element in the merge of two sorted sequences S1   and S2. The developer has written a program implementing the same. List down the test   conditions to test and certify
testing	0	The truck monitoring app is installed on the truck driver's phone. This app sends the   location info back to the truck supervising application. there is a supervisor who monitors   the route, drop off locations and time for the trucks from the head office to make sure the   SLA's with the vendors(time, location, goods sign off) are honored. List the test cases and   certify this application
testing	0	hostA - FTP server it's a linux box in a data centre, hostb - FTP client on a vm. HostB is pooling 800 TB of data from HostA. and if the file tranfer is stopped, how do you troubleshoot the issue?
testing	0	consider there are two linux hosts.   Host1(it's ip 1.1.1.2/24) connected to a switch (layer2 switch), which is connected to router1, (interface1 it's ip is 1.1.1.1/24).  other interface of router1(intf2 2.2.2.1/24) is connected to switch2, and switch2 is connected to host2(2.2.2.2/24)  explain in detail (protocols) what happens when you ping from host1 to host2.
testing	0	Enumerate test cases for testing an online payment using credit card for a purchase done through mobile app.Test cases should have description and expected result
testing	0	How will you test an application like Google Analytics ?
testing	0	What are the basic features you will add into your own test framework ?
testing	0	Have you done debugging in JVM? How would you do it.
testing	0	Is memory leaks possible in Java?
testing	0	Write test cases for,  Testing a API , which takes URL as input which points to a html page, finds a specific TAG and extracts all integers between the tags, sorts the numbers in ascending order and writes it to a file
testing	0	How would you start debugging a Newspaper app (Web, Mobile, Desktop)
testing	0	How would you test a Online Editor?
testing	0	How do you debug RSS Feed Ticker app
testing	0	List of all the test cases for the following program  read p read q if p+q >100 pring large end if if p>50 print "p is larger" end if
testing	0	Life cycle of bug, test severity and priority
testing	1	What all Smoke test cases should be performed, if a defect fix is given for a module C. Data will come to module C if its integrated with other Modules say A , B.
testing	0	There is a one test case on a ui side i.e a form that you entered incorrect data. It will throw an error meassage i.e a failed test case. It works on the test envoronment. But it fails on ci tool jenkins. Onlly the failed testcase fails on build tool. How do you debug the issue? Logs and test environment it works?
testing	0	2) I have a large sets of test data(lbulk records). How will you handle in automation frame work?
testing	0	I have a few  questions on automation framework(that was asked in the interview).  I have 1000 test cases. I am adding a test case in 1) I have 1000 test cases. I am adding a test case in the middle (501). What are some of the issues you faced in the framework?idata related)
testing	0	write boundary test cases for whether a linked list is circular linked list or not?
testing	0	If problem Statement   "sun is rise in west " ! ? How to do tester test it ? What are all possible solution ?
testing	0	There is a code with a runtime error. We add printf to display the value of a variable and we don't get the runtime error anymore. explain what the reason can be.
testing	0	How would test this method ?  public static bool DateBetweenDates(DateTime startDate, DateTime endDate, DateTime dateToTest) {     if (startDate.Year > dateToTest.Year)         return false;     if (endDate.Year < dateToTest.Year)         return false;     if (startDate.Month > dateToTest.Month)         return false;     if (endDate.Month < dateToTest.Month)         return false;     if (startDate.Day > dateToTest.Day)         return false;     if (endDate.Day < dateToTest.Day)         return false;     else         return true; }
testing	0	What is the most challenging part in ur carreer?
testing	0	your manager wants 100% automation for a product. But it is not possible. what will you do?
testing	0	write test cases for group chat?
testing	0	Amazon site is slow. how will you troubleshoot ?
testing	0	Function generates random numbers every 30 sec. once in a while it takes long time to generate. how will u Debug this?
testing	1	There are 6 hosts and there are 6 machines in each host. Admin uses dice role to allocate machine to each user. Write test cases for dice role and machine allocation.
testing	0	A function takes 2 inputs and do some computation and stores in cache. If result is already there, it doesnt do computation and get the results from cache, otherwise it does some computation and get the results and stores in cache. Write test cases for this.
testing	0	If there are 2 method in a testNG class one  with @Test annotation and the other without @Test annotations, which method will run ?
testing	0	Why you use ChromeDriver as the below. Why cant it work as Firefox driver by simply creating a reference  System.setProperty("webdriver.chrome.driver", "/path/to/chromedriver"); WebDriver driver = new ChromeDriver();
database	0	Group by with having related questions. ER provided was customer table.
database	0	Find the % of all male customers in a specific area out of all the customers in that area.
database	0	Get total number of all the departments of each employees
database	0	How DataBase replication Happens in MySql Server. how to create a slave DB from an already running master Server.
database	0	Design Amazon Recommendations Feature. Focus on designing how would you store and make it accessible fast? What would be class design like for the class which would provide list of products which people bought similar to a given product? How would you test that class?
database	0	write a SQL query to retrieve the number of students that received a GPA of 3 or 4. the query should return Total number of students that receive a GPA of 3 separate from Total number of students that receive GPA 4.  Schema:-  Student:- Student_ID, name, phoneno, email, gpa, gradyear Classes: Class_ID, name, description student_classes:- Class_ID, Student_ID, Grade
database	0	Build an in-memory DB that supports many commands and transactions.  Similar to redis database (Redis.io)
database	0	Database table: Name Age  Salary  Dept Alice  22  100   IT Bob  33  150   IT Charlie 44  180   Operations Dale  50  200   Finance  What are the apparent problems that you can identify in the database table?
database	0	What technology is used by Autoportal.com to store there huge Databse?
database	0	Not sure what topic this falls under.  "Improve metrics on the system."  Intentionally vague requirement to see how I ask questions. In my case, it ended up being a discussion about making database queries faster.
database	0	If given a binary file, with data like lat, long, weather, temp in key:value. It's a structured data how would u ingest it. what are the steps that are being taken before Hive process starts.  - serde (serializartion deserialization). parque etc.
database	0	Lets say if Mongo captures user views and oracle captures purchases. How would you design realtime system that answers question "give me avg. no. of views of users by purchases".  So if a user watch a trailer 10 times and then decides to buy a video. How would you calculate it. He was looking for QUEUE. He could have gone on more details but stopped because i didn't give details on this.
database	0	What is distribute cache in Hadoop?
database	0	What do you mean by combiner?
database	0	After map phase partition, shifting, sorting happen. What does it mean?
database	0	What is input split in hadoop.
database	0	As I interviewing for Big data position. Asked Hadoop question :-  Difference between TextInput vs Key Value format in Hadoop.
database	0	Design Bing search.
database	0	How Solr/Lucene or Elasticsearch work? For what purpose are they used?
database	0	What's Hbase, Pig, used for? Why do we need Hbase if we can use Hive to query Hadoop?
database	0	What are different phases of Map reduce operation - I think they were looking for split, combiners, partitioners, sorting phases of whole map reduce stage.
database	0	My interview was for big data position for their Search team. They were looking for person with good Hadoop skill set :-  1. Can you describe Hadoop Architecture? What are various components of it (Primary/Secondary namednodes, data node etc)? Explain working of each.
database	0	What is a columnar database. why we preferred redshift over mysql for data warehouse.
database	0	From a web page, each logged in user can click on a plus icon and enter key-value pairs. There is restriction on the entered key and values. Design a schema to store the enter the key-value pairs entered by each user, such that given a key we should be able to retrieve all the username who entered that particular key.
database	1	Suppose that there is a database table, and four processes read the table at the same time. But, only one process is allowed to read the same row of the table at the same time. How do you enforce the exclusive-read on a row?
database	0	Write test cases for one command from each category(db related):  DDL command DML command  and also, for Select command
database	0	How do you normalize shopping cart tables?
database	0	How the tables are stored(different tables structure)
database	0	What approach you will take in migrating your production databases from MySql to Postgre SQL with zero downtime.
database	0	Difference between inner join and left join?
database	0	How would you design a database to store directory type data structure (e.g. windows folder containing subfolders)?
database	0	How reverse key index helps in faster data reading and what is use case for this?  Complexity of B tree index?
database	0	Design a database schema for college elections and how will you make sure at database end that one user can vote for one person standing for one post only.
database	0	Design a database schema for college elections and how will you make sure at database end that one user can vote for one person standing for one post only.
database	2	Two tables. Country and City     country --> countryid, country name     city --> countryid, city name      1. how do you get the countries that has no cities?     2. how do you get the countries that has less than 3 cities and also make sure the countries with no cities also show up.
database	4	I have table with columns (Employee, Manager, Salary).  Need to calculate aggregate salary for all employees corresponding to top-level managers in one SQL. For example  Input table is : Emp   Manager  Salary   A  T    10   B  A     11   C  F      13   D  B       5           Result should be : Top-Lvl Manager    Salary(agg)  T    26  F    13  Manager-Employee layering can go multiple levels.
database	0	We have a very large excel file that is produced every day by a batch process. We need to report what records were added and which records were removed compared to the file generated on the previous day. The challenge is that there is no sortable field in the list that we could use (such as a creation date), imagine for the sake of this test that theres only First Name, Last Name and Email in the excel file, and that the ordering is not consistent from one day to the next. How would you approach the problem?
database	0	what is Materialized view, is any different from View.
database	0	Given that a disk page can hold at most 1K bytes, a search key uses 4 bytes, and a pointer uses 4 bytes.   Can we analyze the size of an expendable hashing index to index a table column which is defined using unique constraint. What would be the minimum and maximum size of the expendable hasting index if the bucket address table is fully extended?
database	0	Suppose a customer buys items for $10 in a shop and the cashier swipe her card at a POS charging $10. Assume that the card has $100 balance before swiping. POS sends the $10 transaction to a machine A in the Amazon cloud. A calls a service to update transaction and card balance, and then sends acknowledgement back to the POS. But the ack got lost in the middle and POS sends another $10 transaction request. How would you make sure that the balance is $90, not $80. And how would you distinguish multiple try with two legitimate $10 transaction back to back.   Hint: You can't use more than one transaction entry in Database and you don't have the rollback provision.
database	0	Describe ACID properties in terms of a database transaction
database	0	Database server is in US and web server is in India, how will you handle time zone conversion?
database	0	How will you store friend-to-friend relation of  facebook  in db
database	0	I've three tables : Employee,Department,Region as shown below:  Employee EmpID, EmpName, Salary 101, 'Karthik', 10000 102, 'Amir', 15000  Department: DeptID, EmpID, DeptName 3, 101, 'CSE' 4, 100, 'ECE'  Region RegnID, DeptID, RegnName 10, 3, 'KL' 11, 9, 'DL'  Now i want to print all employee details according to the region (RegnName)they belong to.
database	0	EMP (empno, name, deptno, salary) DEPT (deptno, name)  Write a SQL query that tells me the average salary by department name.
database	0	How to improve query performance?
database	0	What are different isolation level?
database	0	Table: persons  id  first_name  last_name  favorite_ride_id
database	0	How will you provide security to DB?
database	0	How will you search efficiently in DB?
database	0	How to Achieve atomicity in Database given you are a database designer
database	0	if you have 10 records in table , you run query and got answer and next day data is inserted into table it becomes 12 records now i want to operation on only updated records (means 11th and 12 th records )
operating-system	0	Linux has this nice command called *tree*. If you did not use it, please take a look around. You do not have to write one. BUT, you have to do something similar. Given a file name ( not a path ), and an initial directory, you have to list all the file paths, which matches the file name, case should not be considered. Also allow regex match.  Again, the problem is non trivial. It was expected to ask the right questions.
operating-system	0	There is this nice tiny *nix utility called *wc*. The idea here is :
operating-system	0	Consider a system with three processes and four resources. Resource R1 and R3 with one instance, R2 with two instance, process P1 holding an instance of R2 and waiting for r1,process P2 is holding an instance of  R1 and R2 and waiting for R3,process P3 is holding an instance of R3. Is it possible to apply the Resource allocation graph algorithm to avoid deadlock? Explain.
operating-system	0	Consider a disk drive with the specifications of 16 platters, 2 surfaces, 512 tracks, 2K sectors and 4KB page or sector size. What is the capacity of the disk drive in terms of bytes?
operating-system	0	Consider a system where counting semaphore initialized to +17, on this semaphore variable the various operations like 23P, 18V, 16P, 14V and 1P are performed. Then what is the final value of semaphore?
operating-system	0	Let the average process size be s bytes and the page size be p bytes. Furthermore, assume that each page entry requires e bytes. Derive the optimal page size.
operating-system	0	Process ID Arrival Time Burst P1 arrived at 0 and need10 units burst time, P2 is arrived at 1 and need 8 units of burst time, process P3 is arrived at 2 and need 6 units of burst time and process P4 arrived at 3 and need 4 units of burst time. Assume that context switch takes one unit of time. Draw that gant chart and find the average waiting time, turnaround time using SJF scheduling.
operating-system	0	Five jobs are waiting to be run. Their expected run times are 9, 6, 3, 5, and X . In what order should they be run to minimize average response time?
operating-system	0	Virtual memory can be handled by which of the following? a)demand paging b)demand segmentation c)both a and b
operating-system	0	Difference between a crash and exception.  Difference between macros and inline functions.  Mfc: message maps and virtual functions.  Different calling convention.  Late n early binding...  Garbage collector algorithm. When gc will fail to clean the memory.  How to know heap size, crash dump analysis, What is a stack n how to know stack memory size. Commands in windbg.  Questions on Critical section, mutex, semaphores. Can we use mutex in single process and how?  Working of MSIL and JIT COMPILER.  Can a C# code, use c++ code and call kernel functions like createfile.  Areas: dot net, oops, operating systems, thread synchronization.  Difference in execution steps of c++ and c# code
operating-system	0	Java runs on a "virtual" stack machine inside JVM, which has instruction of size of one byte (called byte-codes). How many instructions/bytecodes potentially can such a machine have? PICK ONE OF THE CHOICES 256 Unlimited 2^32 for 32-bit machines Depends on JVM version
operating-system	0	In a multi-threaded application, many threads are trying to access the same resource, say a global c ount, g. Threads are synchronized by the following code (assume lock is a static int variable, initialized to 0 (unlocked state)): if (lock) wait(); // It's already locked so wait(sleep) till someone wakes me up else lock=1; // I locked it /* Critical Section - Increment g */ lock = 0; // Lock released, so wakeup only one of other waiting threads, if any What is the issue with this synchronization?  PICK ONE OF THE CHOICES No issues  will work correctly Works only on a uniprocessor system and would not work on multiprocessor system Will not work on any system Cannot say  need more data
operating-system	0	If you run the same program twice, what section would be shared in the memory? Follow up, is the text portion of memory share?  Why not?
operating-system	0	What are the various ways of doing IPC in Unix/Linux?  How do you implement it?
operating-system	0	Given a 20 GB file and 2GB RAM, how to parse it and detect where to break it, concepts of memory management.
operating-system	1	What is the following program trying to do?
operating-system	0	Implement printf() library function using system-calls assuming a single argument which is a string  eg: printf("Hello world\n");
operating-system	0	Implement sleep() in kernel mode using C-pseudo code
operating-system	0	Implement a trivial spinlock and spinunlock functions using C-pseudo code eg: spinlock(&lock);
operating-system	0	The user space program running in foreground mode is hung. How will you debug the hang without exiting or killing the program?
operating-system	0	What are the differences between interrupt and exception?
operating-system	0	Explain how page fault and segmentation fault is handled/resolved
operating-system	0	what is the use using 8 GB RAM in Operating System  if we can manage a process with 2 GB RAM in 32 bit and 64 bit Operating System.
operating-system	0	Given a kernal code in "0"th machine. How soon you can replicate the kernal across N machines. Now if the machines has upload and download bandwidth constraints, how can you impove the copy time.
operating-system	2	How many times Hello World is printed by following program? int main() {   if(fork() && fork())  {    fork()  }   if(fork() || fork())  {    fork()  }   printf(Hello world)  return 0 }  a. 16 b. 20 c. 24 d. 64
operating-system	4	You have written a memory manager and after using it your coworker complains that he is facing severe issues of fragmentation. What could be the reason(s) and how can you fix it
operating-system	0	When we click on the power button of our Laptop, what happens immediately and how the windows is loaded?
operating-system	0	How does the print operation work when we try to give a print from a word document? What is the use of software that comes along with the printer? How the data is printed after we click on the print button? What logic is applied for the data to be transferred to the printer? What is the logic that makes the printer print the data on a sheet of paper?
operating-system	0	How will you sort an array if all the elements in the array cannot be accumulated in the RAM at once i.e the size of the array is larger than the size of RAM
operating-system	4	You are having a 500 MB RAM and you have a program which uses malloc to allocate 600 MB memory . What will happen , will it be allocated using the concept of virtual memory or not , if yes how?
operating-system	0	Disadvantages of locks? What is Deadlock? What is Starvation?
operating-system	0	How OS decide how much memory is needed as virtual memory ? Max % of memory which can be available as virtual memory?
operating-system	0	Design a data structure for LRU where replacement can take up to O(log n ) time, searching take O(log n) time, inserting will also take only O(log n) time(Big question, I was given some time(around 5 to 10 minute) to think) ?
operating-system	0	What is virtual memory, how operating system uses it ?
operating-system	0	Implement your own API and library for a synchronization OS problem.Write your own semaphore. Eg: Capacity of TAM is 5 .. Queue of people outside is 100. Synchronization reqd.
operating-system	0	Please tell basics difference between windows system programming and Unix system Programming.
operating-system	0	How will you ensure mutual exclusion in Multi-core processors?
operating-system	0	how multithreading is achieved in multicore processors?
operating-system	0	how many threads a process can have?
operating-system	0	difference between synchronous and asynchronous io
operating-system	2	Does it always happen that stack always grows downwards & heap grows upwards? If its so, then how does OS keeps the heap area protected from the interference of the stack & vice-versa? If its not, then what factors affect it? OS version ? Compiler? Anything else??
operating-system	0	difference between preemptive and cooperative multithreading
operating-system	0	shared mmy VS mmy mapped file
operating-system	0	When you receive a crash dump for a process from a particular customer, Is it possible to know the line number of which function has caused the problem?
operating-system	0	How do you identify which process has crashed in customer env, if there are multiple process crash at same time.
operating-system	0	Definition of high-level operating system (HLOS).
operating-system	0	In a multi-threaded process,If one thread is busy on I/O will the entire process be blocked?
operating-system	0	what are the different forms of IPC in UNIX?
operating-system	0	what is better(why and how): multi processes OR single process with multiple threads?
operating-system	0	what happens if the parent process ends before the child process?
operating-system	0	how do applications communicate with kernel?
operating-system	0	Are all the system calls interfaced in glibc ?
operating-system	0	If given a variable that is changing after every 1 second... Design a clock using that avriable.. I am not sure if this question was more related to OS or not...
probability	0	if n coin is given and each have different probability for getting head that is for coin Ai probability is Pi find the probability for getting exactly k head
probability	0	There are 2 companies making electronic chips: good and bad. Good company is making good chips with probability 80 % and defective chips with probability 20 %, and bad company is making good chips with probability 20 % and defective chips with probability 80 %. If you are getting just one chip, and the probability that it is coming from either of companies is the same, what is the probability that it is good chip?
probability	1	In basket ball game for a player to win a game  challenge 1) 2 out of 3 throws should be basket challenge 2) 5 out of 8 throws should be basket which challenge should the player choose so that he might have better chance of winning the game?
probability	1	Having an infinite stream of numbers write a function to take an element with equal probability for each.
probability	0	Design and implement a class, which returns a random string value from a set with an arbitrary probability distribution given by an array of probabilities. Using an existing random number generator with a uniform distribution(e.g., Random.nextFloat()), you return the string for the random float value based on the strings probability distribution.
probability	0	Rockets are launched until the first successful launching has taken place.if this does not occur within 5 attempts,the experiment is halted and the equipment inspected.suppose that there is a constant probability of 0.8 of having a successful launching and that successive attempts are independent.Assume that the cost of the first launching is K dollars while subsequent launching cost K/3 dollars.whenever a successful launching take place,a certain amount of information is obtained which may be expressed as financial gain of,say 'C' dollars.if 'T' is the net cost of this experiment,find the probability distribution of T?
probability	0	A candidate is selected for interview for 3 posts.the number of candidates for the first,second,third posts are 3,4,2 respectively.what is the probability of his getting at least one post?
probability	0	Find the expectation value of number of times you need to pick numbers to find a number smaller than the number you pick from a hat containing 1 to n.  case 1: if you replace case 2: if you don't replace  Expectation values! not probability
probability	2	There are 6 pairs of black socks and 6 pairs of white socks.What is the probability to pick a pair of black or white socks when 2 socks are selected randomly in darkness.
probability	0	We toss a fair coin n times. A k-streak of flips is said to occur starting at toss i, if the outcome of all the k flips starting from i th flip is the same. For example, for the sequence HTTTHH, there is a 2-streak occurring at 2 nd toss, there is a 2-streak occurring at 3rd toss, and there is a 2-streak occurring at 5th toss. Here the total number of 2-streaks is 3 in the sequence HTTTHH. What is the expected number of k-streaks which you will see in n tosses of a fair coin ?
probability	0	Given +ve numbers in  an array . Put the even #s to the left of the array and the odd to the right side of the array . Don't use extra array.
probability	2	The probability of a bus passing through a certain intersection in a time window of 20 min. is 0.9 What is the probability of the same bus passing through the same intersection in 5 min.
probability	1	what is the probability of 5 people with different ages sitting in ascending or descending order at a round table.
probability	0	In a pocket calculator, a person is randomly typing a 8 digit number. What is the probability that the number looks the same even if the calculator is turned upside down.
probability	0	Round 2 :  Q 2 : You are given finitely many intervals in 1D, you have to design a data structure an efficient data structure which can answer queries of the form In how many intervals the point P belong ?, P is an input point, and all intervals are closed.  I answer B tree(think why) which is most efficient.
probability	0	There are 1000 balls in a bag, of which 900 are black and 100 are white. I randomly draw 100 balls from the bag. What is the probability that the 101st ball will be black? a)9/10  b)More than 9/10 but less than 1  c)Less than 9/10but more than 0  d)0  e)1
probability	0	Amar and Akbar both tell the truth with probability 3/4 and lie with probability 1/4. Amar watches a test match and talks to Akbar about the outcome. Akbar, in turn, tells Anthony, "Amar told me that India won". What probability should Anthony assign to India's win? a)9/16  b)6/16  c)7/16  d)10/16  e)None of the above
probability	0	You play a dice rolling game, you have two choices:  1. Roll the dice once and get rewarded the amount of $ equal to the outcome number (e.g, $3 for number "3") and stop the game;  2. You can reject the first reward according to its outcome and roll the dice the second time and get rewarded in the same way and stop the game.  Which strategy should you choose to maximize your reward? (that is what outcomes of the first roll should make you play the second game?)  What is the statistical expectation of reward if you choose that strategy?
probability	2	Five people are to be seated randomly around a circular table. What is the probability of two of them sitting next to each other?
probability	0	You are given C containers, B black balls and an unlimited number of white balls. You want to distribute balls between the containers in a way that every container contains at least one ball and the probability of selecting a white ball is greater or equal to P percent. The selection is done by randomly picking a container followed by randomly picking a ball from it.   Find the minimal required number of white balls to achieve that.  INPUT  The first line contains 1 <= T <= 10 - the number of testcases.  Each of the following T lines contain three integers  C B P separated by a single space 1<= C <= 1000; 0 <= B <= 1000; 0 <= P <= 100;  OUTPUT  For each testcase output a line containing an integer - the minimal number of white balls required.  (The tests will assure that it's possible with a finite number of balls)  SAMPLE INPUT  3 1 1 60 2 1 60 10 2 50  SAMPLE OUTPUT  2 2 8  EXPLANATION  In the 1st testcase if we put 2 white balls and 1 black ball in the box the probability of selecting a white one is 66.(6)% which is greater than 60%  In the 2nd testcase putting a single white ball in one box and white+black in the other gives us 0.5 * 100% + 0.5 * 50% = 75%  For the 3rd testcase remember that we want at least one ball in each of the boxes.
probability	0	Input : 4 jars and 50 balls of different colors (Red, Green, Yellow, Blue) where each jar can contain a maximum of 100 balls.  Problem : When a user draws a red ball he looses his money while if he draws a ball of some other color his money is doubled. Arrange the balls in such a way that the user has highest probability to loose.
probability	0	What is the probability of a random generator generating 10 consecutive numbers in ascending order (assume it is a perfect random generator)
probability	1	Given a normal dice and a dice with blank faces, fill in the blank dice with numbers from 0-6 so that the probability of each number coming up, when you roll the two dice together, is equal.
probability	0	You have 1 white & 1 black container. White container contains 3 white balls and black container contains 4 black & 1 white ball. You remove one ball from black container and put it in white container. Now when you pick one ball from white container, what is the probability that it's a white ball.
php	0	How to insert excel file that contain paragraph into mysql using php
php	0	Create a table row with the following         Course         Specialization         Name of the Institute         Location         Graduation Year         Aggregate Marks     The code should automatically create a new row to add a new entry     Display all the courses (from 10th Std) in the screen
php	0	Implement the function accumulate below in the language of your choice. The code is in PHP but the syntax of this question should translate into any language. You should have enough information from the comments to define this function correctly. You do not need to implement the function calc. /** * This interface should be implemented to represent doing a binary operation on two integers */
php	0	There is a function that scans an array of characters for the character 'e' and prints out each index. What is the complexity? Please implement this function in C, C++, PHP or JavaScript.  If I sort the array, what is the complexity of the sort? What type of sort?  After sorting, what is the complexity if I rescan the array for the character 'e'?
php	0	Given an integer, return all sequences of numbers that sum to it. (Example: 3 -> (1, 2), (2, 1), (1, 1, 1)).  Interview was for a php position.
php	0	how to make a form which shows some text and there is some button but when you click on one button it , open another form in the same page and in that subform there is one submit button ,when you click that submit button then that sub form should disappear.   thanks in advance
php	0	There is integer array like {1,2,4,5,6,1,2,4,3,5,7,2,1}. I want to find the possible combination of pair which sum is 4.  input : {1,2,4,5,6,1,2,4,3,5,7,2,1} output : {1,1,2}, {2,2}, {3,1}, {1,2,1}...etc which make the sum as 4
php	0	Memory management in PHP
php	0	Pass by value and pass by reference in PHP
php	0	What function(s) or hook(s) would you use in Drupal to define a url that maps to a function?   hook_url  hook_menu  hook_form  hook_uri
php	0	What function(s) or hook(s) would you use in Drupal to create a link?   link()  url()  l()  create_link()
php	0	What does the GD library do?
php	0	How can you get round the stateless nature of HTTP using PHP?
php	0	Which of the following characters anchors a regular expression pattern to the start of a string?   ^ (caret)  $ (dollar)  % (percentage)  ! (exclamation mark)  * (asterisk)
php	0	What does the following code do? Explain whats going on there.  $date='08/26/2003';  print ereg_replace(([0-9]+)/([0-9]+)/([0-9]+),\\2/\\1/\\3,$date);
php	0	What function would you use to pull an associative array of results in mysql? An indexed array?   mysql_query  mysql_fetch_array  mysql_fetch_row  mysql_result
php	0	What function would you use to redirect the browser to a new page? 1. redir() 2. header() 3. location() 4. redirect()
php	0	Given the following code:  class myclass { private $var = ''; var $var2 = 'test'; public function print_var() { if (!empty($this->var)) { print $this->var .'(Var1)'; } else { print $this->var2 .'(Var2)'; } } public function __set($string, $value) { $this->$string = $value; } } $myclass = new myclass(); $myclass->var = 'Hey there!'; $myclass->print_var();  What happens if $myclass->var is replaced with $myclass->var2?   It prints Hey There(Var2) to the screen.  It prints test to the screen because var is never correctly set.  It throws an error because you havent set privacy settings for var2.  It prints (Var1) to the screen because var is a blank string, not empty.
php	0	Which of the following guarantees that the first letter of a string is capitalized and all other letters of a string are lower case?   ucfirst($str);  strtolower(ucfirst($str));  strtoupper($str[0]);  ucfirst(strtolower($str));  strtoupper(strtolower($str)[0]);
php	0	A class is written so that it cannot be extended. Which of the following PHP 5 keywords achieves that goal?   Static  Abstract  Private  Terminal  Final
php	0	If $a = TRUE, $b = 1. What does $a == $b equal? $a === $b?   TRUE, FALSE  TRUE, TRUE  FALSE, FALSE  FALSE, TRUE
php	0	What is the difference between foo() & @foo()?
php	0	What functions can you use to add library code to the currently running script?
php	0	In PHP5, what code would the following print to the browser? Why?  $string = 'Hello'; function hello(&$string = '') { $string .= ' World!'; print trim($string); } hello(); hello($string); hello($string);        World!Hello World!Hello Hello World!        Hello World!Hello World! World!        World!Hello World!Hello World! World!        Hello World!Hello World!Hello World! World!        Nothing. It would throw an error.
php	0	What would the following code print to the browser? Why?        $num = 10;       function multiply(){       $num = $num * 10; }       multiply();       echo $num;
php	0	Write a class to extract basic data from an Amazon Product Detail web page when passed a URL The following information must be extracted into an array: ISBN10, ISBN13, Weight, Dimensions, and Current Price. This code must be written in PHP. An example URL is: http://www.amazon.com/Biology-MasteringBiology-8th-Neil-Campbell/dp/0321543254/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1233281929&sr=8-1  My Answer: it's really easy. Check for the values into actual page and then just truncate string accordingly
php	0	Write a basic web application, following the Model-View-Controller/Modular design pattern. The following URLs should be functional:   http://www.server.com/index.php?page=showTime - Displays the current system time.  http://www.server.com/index.php?page=showDate - Displays the current system date.  http://www.server.com/index.php?page=showVersion - Displays the current PHP / Java version. Each page should be represented by an individual class. Any of the following languages can be used: PHP
php	0	Utilizing two common Object-Oriented design patterns, write a set of classes, which can be used to log a given message. The message should be logged to either a MySQL database or a file, depending on a configuration setting. There should be only one connection opened to the database (or the log file should only be opened once) throughout the use of the application. ). Any of the following languages can be used: PHP  My Answer: create a buffer to generate a log and then copy entire buffer to  your designated file but downsize of this method is .... you will loose all data if system fail to commite or fail to log...//power shutdown
javascript	0	What are services in Angular.js?
javascript	0	What is Dependency Injection in Angular.js?
javascript	0	you are on a biz trip and travelling from one city to   another. you have a stack of unsorted flight boarding passes. only departure city and destination city are on the boarding pass. how do you find the first departure city and your final destination city, write the solution in javascript.
javascript	0	Does JavaScript has inheritance?  Can you override in JavaScript?
javascript	0	What's difference between Javascript and JAVA in terms of OOP principles. Provide examples.
javascript	0	create a grid and show data, they have provided some JSON file for it. we should be able to configure sorting anf fitering for some coumns. paging is also required. we need to make it in pure JS.
javascript	1	You have a dictionary which is an array of words and array of strings.  Write two functions  1. Prepare the array of strings to be searched in the dictionary 2. Check if the string contains all valid words or not.
javascript	0	write the jquery for simultaneous dropdown and pagination i.e. we have 500 rows in a table and we want to display those rows. pagination will be used and also dropdown means if no of rows to be displayed is 10 per page then 10 rows per page should be displayed and dropdown changes should go with pagination.
javascript	0	Write a Javascript program for the following problem -  (Actually, any language is fine with me but it was a JS interview)  Given a large number of strings occurring on a web page, find the largest group of strings that are likely to be swapped with each other. e.g mat, rat, groom, broom, cat answer => mat, rat, cat and not groom, broom  I coded edit distance, got hopelessly lost beyond that.  As for hints, he said that it being a web page don't count on traversing a given string more than once.
javascript	0	Given a sorted array find whether odd number of numbers exist s.t. sum is K. 0 is a permitted value in array. Negatives may not be permitted. But he was not conclusive there. He was expecting Javascript code and O(n) complexity. e.g. [12, 2, 1, 4] , searching 1 => yes, 5 => no because 4+1 make the number of numbers even!
javascript	1	Using the mythical Hydra as an example, create a button that is destroyed by clicking it, but two new buttons are created in it's place.
javascript	1	Create a function that will reverse the words in a sentence.
security	0	What are some ways to crack a cryptohash? Is your method efficient, or are there better ways?
security	0	How security is provided to each tab in google chrome? if there are multiple tabs open in Chrome, then how respective request goes in respective tab? (meaning the request of different tabs do not get mixed, how?)
security	0	Why is it important to add a salt to a user's password before storing its digest?
security	0	Explain what stack overflow and heap overflow are, and how they impact security.
security	0	Imagine a system where gas service to homes is controlled by a server of a service provider. How would you create a secure protocol for transfer of msgs. between this server and the apparatus at every home?  Assumption - The apparatus is secure and couldn't be hacked.
security	0	Open a file as securely as possible (assume the user is hostile -- list all the nasty things that could happen and checks you would have to do to)
security	0	Who are virus writers? Why do they write viruses?
security	0	How can a virtual memory environment be implemented to run multiple programs to prevent one program from accessing another program's memory space? Is the solution viable?
security	0	If you were designing new anti-virus technology, what would you implement?
security	0	How can a virtual OS can be compromised?
security	0	What sort of behavioral patterns would you be looking at when designing a behavioral engine?  What is the difference between a heuristical and a behavioral engine?
security	0	What are the characteristics that you look for in an anti-virus engine?
security	0	Can Linux be compromised? How secure is Linux? How would you compromise a *NIX system?
security	0	What are the characteristics that you look for in an anti-virus engine?
security	0	Can Linux be compromised? How secure is Linux? How would you compromise a *NIX system?
security	0	Describe your experiences using different anti-virus technologies.
security	0	Please explain the Windows PE executable standard and how a virus infects it.
